FURRY RPG! – A new SNES game currently in development
by Ramsis

What is »FURRY RPG!«?

Furry RPG! (working title) is a brand-new new SNES RPG currently in development. The game is planned to be released as open-source software, though this hasn't been decided yet.

Furry RPG! will be an RPG with action/adventure elements (think Chrono Trigger, Tales of Phantasia, or Star Ocean). »Furry« means that all the characters in the game are anthropomorphic animals, like wolves and big cats. (Rawr!)



The Story

Warning – major spoilers ahead!

On learning that a »ghost« haunts their village as of late, scaring the kids and stealing food from unlocked pantries, best friends Alec Marlowe, a young hunter (lion), and skeptic scholar Lilac Pondicherry (tigress) join foreign soldier Primus Greyfur (wolf) for a trip into the vast forest just beyond their doorstep. Bent on hunting down and uncovering the villain, whom they suspect to be very fleshly in appearance (although furred, of course), the three venture deep into the woods, where they eventually make a discovery that will forever change their destinies as well as the history of their country, the Republic of Librefur. For in an abandoned military outpost, unbeknownst to anyfur, Reinhold von Pappenheim (fox/coyote?) has been living a secret life, with an unsightly fennec puppet named Dorothy as his sole companion.
 
Initially posing as a trickster and ventriloquist, Reinhold is soon revealed to be the exiled heir to the throne of Fleckenstein Kingdom, beyond the Republic’s eastern border. He tells Alec and his friends of an uprising in his home country. The rebel forces are supposedly led by »the Badger,« whose sole purpose in life appears to be to overthrow the reign of the Pappenheim line of kings, and plunge the realm into chaos and destruction.
 
Convinced that his new friend should be lent a paw returning to his people, claiming back the throne and restoring peace to Fleckenstein, Alec and his comrades join Reinhold on a journey back to the kingdom—only to find it in full preparation for war against its three neighboring states: the Furderal Empire, to the south, the Free County of Coathill in the north, and the Republic of Librefur, due west.
 
Shocked about this finding, Alec and Lilac agree to return home in order to warn both the Palace and the population of Librefur of the impending invasion. But before they can even leave the capital of Fleckenstein, the four friends are all arrested and put in separate jails, knowing they will be publically executed on the very next morning for alleged high treason. However, Alec, Lilac and Primus are found and liberated at night by nofur else than »the Badger« himself, a.k.a. Kilian Lacrimo della Valle (cheetah), who tells them that Reinhold was nowhere to be found and has most likely already been killed.
 
During their journey back to the Republic of Librefur, the remaining three tell Kilian about Reinhold’s identity. Kilian, in turn, explains that nothing of what Reinhold told them was true. According to »the Badger,« the Pappenheim reign is actually a ruthless and cruel dictatorship that needs to keep up its outward saber-rattling so as to remain credible to its large amount of faithful citizens, and that the rebels indeed intend to rid the country of its unfurvorable leader. He reminds Alec that he and his friends are far too deeply involved within the conflict to go back to their normal lives anymore—as Fleckenstein assassins have already been sent out to track them down—and instead convinces them to retreat to the abandoned outpost in the forest, fortify it in case they are discovered by Fleckenstein spies, and aid the resistance from there.
 
In time, they are joined by others hoping to stop Fleckenstein: young Damian Fleck (jaguar/leopard?), a martial artist who is loyal to his home kingdom, yet afraid the Pappenheim’s war-mongering might wreak havoc on it; Tara of Idenmarch (lynx), a Fleckenstein refugee who saw her family being murdered by Pappenheim’s henchmen; Gregory P. E. H. Eindhoven Dubois Quaoar van der Muhlhausen Nido sulle Colline (bear), a would-be Coathill aristocratic who gets debunked quickly by Kilian and, being a carpenter, decides to help rebuilding the outpost; Kit, an orphan foxling whose flute-playing ensnares friends and foes alike; and several others (i.e., secret characters).
 
When the motley crew around Alec finally re-enter Fleckenstein Kingdom to confront Reinhold in the hopes of ending the war before it really begins, they appear to succeed—only to realize that hardly anyfur amongst them is actually what he or she pretends. Not only that, but the real threat is found to stem from deeper than the deluded minds of those few who seek to conquer the lands around them.
 
In the end, Alec has to make a decision the world he knows depends upon—as do both his own life and the lives of all his friends …



How far advanced is the project?

Take a look for yourself:

http://nintendoage.com/forum/messageview.cfm?catid=22&threadid=144827